ok here we are filming a ginormous
snapping turtle in our pool filter and
he's trying to come out and we want him
shake a gun hey stay away whoa give me
holy holy cow mom says get on YouTube
look at that Joker bad boy whack oh my
goodness nice teen him proof holy cow
look at that neck I know oh my gosh
absolutely hey guys they don't mind
getting the rest can I help him here he
comes oh man yeah Oh keep him on his
back he is not on his back right on over
to his belly he was on his back to start
what in the world that is so nasty I'm
gonna have to clear the pull up again so
messy now oh look at the tail on that
don't knock it
what no what stinks good a little bit
like a dinosaur okay that thing managed
to fog up our poll in one day nasty I
wonder if it drug the I think it drug
that doohickey in the basket crud well
there we go it's a stinky guy golly it
stings I don't know but